Add info block to toggle Destination Filters on (#5093)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/destination-filters.md

7. Name your filter and click the toggle to enable it.
8. Click **Save**.

> > info "Toggle Destination Filters On"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info "Enable destination filters for Analytics.js sources"
```

> > If you are currently utilizing Analytics.js as your source and wish to apply filters to device-mode destinations, you'll need to enable device mode destination filters for your Analytics.js source. To do this, go to your Javascript source and navigate to Settings > Analytics.js and turn the toggle on for **Destination Filters**. This will ensure the filters are effectively applied to device-mode destinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are currently using Analytics.js as your source and want to apply filters to device-mode destinations, you need to enable device mode destination filters for your Analytics.js source. To do this, go to your Javascript source, navigate to Settings > Analytics.js, and turn on the toggle for **Destination Filters**. This will ensure the filters are effectively applied to device-mode destinations.
```
